# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip freeze | uv pip compile - -o requirements.txt
-e .
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.14
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   instructor
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
bespokelabs-curator==0.1.6
    # via mnemonic-gen
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via sounddevice
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   deptry
    #   litellm
    #   typer
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==3.5.0
    # via
    #   bespokelabs-curator
    #   mnemonic-gen
debugpy==1.8.13
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
deptry==0.23.0
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via instructor
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   mnemonic-gen
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
identify==2.6.9
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via litellm
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
instructor==1.7.7
    # via bespokelabs-curator
ipykernel==6.29.5
ipython==8.34.0
    # via
    #   bespokelabs-curator
    #   ipykernel
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   litellm
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   openai
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
litellm==1.65.0
    # via
    #   bespokelabs-curator
    #   mnemonic-gen
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via mnemonic-gen
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
numpy==2.2.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   transformers
openai==1.69.0
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   litellm
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   deptry
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   requirements-parser
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   bespokelabs-curator
    #   datasets
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.1.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==4.1.0
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.1
    # via
    #   bespokelabs-curator
    #   instructor
    #   litellm
    #   mnemonic-gen
    #   openai
    #   sqlmodel
pydantic-core==2.33.0
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   bespokelabs-curator
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.24.0
    # via bespokelabs-curator
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   mnemonic-gen
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pre-commit
    #   transformers
pyzmq==26.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   instructor
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requirements-parser==0.11.0
    # via deptry
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   mnemonic-gen
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.11.0
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
setuptools==76.0.0
    # via types-setuptools
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sounddevice==0.5.1
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via sqlmodel
sqlmodel==0.0.24
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
structlog==25.2.0
    # via mnemonic-gen
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   instructor
    #   mnemonic-gen
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via litellm
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   litellm
    #   transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   deptry
    #   pytest
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
transformers==4.50.3
    # via mnemonic-gen
typer==0.15.2
    # via instructor
types-setuptools==76.0.0.20250313
    # via requirements-parser
typing-extensions==4.13.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   structlog
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uv==0.6.6
virtualenv==20.29.3
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   bespokelabs-curator
    #   datasets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
